Document API changes for hosts and disk encryption summary endpoints (#14151)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| disable_failing_policies| boolean | query | If "true", hosts will return failing policies as 0 regardless of whether there are any that failed for the host. This is meant to be used when increased performance is needed in exchange for the extra information.                                                                                                                       |
| macos_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the macOS disk encryption MDM profile on the host. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`. |
| bootstrap_package       | string | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_ Filters the hosts by the status of the MDM bootstrap package on the host. Can be one of `installed`, `pending`, or `failed`. |
| os_settings          | string  | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the operating system settings applied to the hosts. Can be one of 'verified', 'verifying', 'pending', or 'failed'. **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

> | os_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the disk encryption setting applied to the hosts. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`.  **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

Reviewer: Noticed the formatting for the allowed values is a bit inconsistent in this table (sometimes uses quotes, sometimes backticks). I think since this param is a string, we should go with quotes:
```suggestion
| os_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the disk encryption setting applied to the hosts. Can be one of 'verified', 'verifying', 'action_required', 'enforcing', 'failed', or 'removing_enforcement'.  **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |
```

| macos_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the macOS disk encryption MDM profile on the host. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`. |
| bootstrap_package       | string | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_ Filters the hosts by the status of the MDM bootstrap package on the host. Can be one of `installed`, `pending`, or `failed`. **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |
| os_settings          | string  | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the operating system settings applied to the hosts. Can be one of 'verified', 'verifying', 'pending', or 'failed'. **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

> | os_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the disk encryption setting applied to the hosts. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`.  **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

Reviewer: (See above comment re: formatting with ` versus ')

| low_disk_space           | integer | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_ Filters the hosts to only include hosts with less GB of disk space available than this value. Must be a number between 1-100.                                                                 |
| macos_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the macOS disk encryption MDM profile on the host. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`. |
| bootstrap_package       | string | query | _Available in Fleet Premium_ Filters the hosts by the status of the MDM bootstrap package on the host. Can be one of `installed`, `pending`, or `failed`. **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |
| os_settings          | string  | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the operating system settings applied to the hosts. Can be one of 'verified', 'verifying', 'pending', or 'failed'. **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

> | os_settings_disk_encryption | string | query | Filters the hosts by the status of the disk encryption setting applied to the hosts. Can be one of `verified`, `verifying`, `action_required`, `enforcing`, `failed`, or `removing_enforcement`.  **Note: If this filter is used in Fleet Premium without a team id filter, the results include only hosts that are not assigned to any team.** |

Reviewer: (See above comment re: formatting with ` versus ')
